June Actions segment docs (#4518)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-june/index.md

---
title: June (Actions) Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: false

> id: ????

Author: What should the ID be here?

Reviewer: id: 6419fce5b6e12cf44efbd34c

Author: Thanks!

versions:
  - name: "June (Classic)"
    link: "/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/june"
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[June](https://june.so/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) is product analytics for B2B SaaS companies. June auto-generated reports focused on how companies use your product - just connect your Segment account.

> This destination is maintained by June. For any issues with the destination, [contact the June Support team](mailto:ferruccio@june.so).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
June maintains this destination. For any issues with the destination, [contact the June Support team](mailto:ferruccio@june.so).
```

## Getting started

{% include content/connection-modes.md %}

> 1. Go to the [June settings page](https://app.june.so/redirect-to-my-workspace/settings), click **Add your first source**. To add more instances of the June Destination, click on the Segment integration card and click on "Create new key" and copy that key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [June settings page](https://app.june.so/redirect-to-my-workspace/settings){:target="_blank"} and click **Add your first source**. To add more instances of the June Destination, click on the Segment integration card and click on **Create new key** and copy the key.
```

> 2. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog**, and select the **Destinations** tab in the catalog.
```

3. Find the Destinations Actions item in the left navigation, and click it.
4. Click the "June" item to select it and click **Configure**.
5. Choose which of your sources to connect the destination to. (You can connect more sources to the destination later.)

> ### Connection Modes for June (Actions) destination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Connection modes for June (Actions) destination
```

> The June (Actions) destination does not offer a device-mode connection mode. If you're using one of Segment's new libraries ([Analytics.js 2.0](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/), [Swift](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-swift) or [Kotlin](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-kotlin)) with the Actions-framework version of the destination, you do not need the device-mode connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The June (Actions) destination does not offer a device-mode connection mode. If you're using one of Segment's new libraries ([Analytics.js 2.0](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/){:target="_blank"}, [Swift](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-swift){:target="_blank"} or [Kotlin](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-kotlin){:target="_blank"}) with the Actions-framework version of the destination, you do not need the device-mode connection.
```

{% capture group_identify_user_details %}

In the default configuration, June (Actions) triggers this action when it receives a Group call.

This action sets or updates the properties of specific groups. Use this when you want to update properties on a June company profile.

{% endcapture %}

## Migration from June Classic

{% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}

> Assuming you're already using Segment Cloud-mode, the June (Actions) destination is expected to have no breaking changes when upgrading. With the exception of a few new properties added to your events in the new Actions destination, there should be no difference in the data received in June when using either of the June destinations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're already using Segment cloud-mode, you're not expected to have breaking changes when upgrading to the June (Actions) destination. With the exception of a few new properties added to your events in the new Actions destination, there's no difference in the data received in June when using either of the June destinations.
```

> If you want to confirm, you can configure the new destination to point to a different June workspace and connect it to the same source(s) as the Classic destination and manually verify before fully switching over.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the new destination to point to a different June workspace and connect it to the same source(s) as the Classic destination and manually verify it before fully switching over.
```

---
title: June (Actions) Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: false
hidden: true
private: true
id: 6419fce5b6e12cf44efbd34c
versions:
  - name: "June (Classic)"
    link: "/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/june"
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[June](https://june.so/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"} is a product analytics tool for B2B SaaS companies. June auto-generates reports that focus on how companies use your product.

June maintains this destination. For any issues with the destination, [contact the June Support team](mailto:ferruccio@june.so).

## Getting started

{% include content/connection-modes.md %}

1. Go to the [June settings page](https://app.june.so/redirect-to-my-workspace/settings){:target="_blank"} and click **Add your first source**. To add more instances of the June Destination, click on the Segment integration card and click on **Create new key** and copy the key.
2. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog**, and select the **Destinations** tab in the catalog.
3. Search for *June (Actions)* and select it.
4. Click **Configure June (Actions)**.

> 5. Select the source you want to connect the destination to. (You can connect more sources to the destination later.)

Reviewer 3: You can't connect more Sources to a Destination. For other Sources, you can connect a new Destination, and optionally copy over the same Destination config if you like. 

```suggestion
5. Select the source you want to connect the destination to. (You can connect more sources to the destination later.)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Select the source you want to connect the destination to. 
```

6. Configure your settings. 
7. Click the toggle to enable the destination. 

### Connection modes for June (Actions) destination

> The June (Actions) destination does not offer a device-mode connection mode. If you're using one of Segment's new libraries ([Analytics.js 2.0](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/){:target="_blank"}, [Swift](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-swift){:target="_blank"} or [Kotlin](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-kotlin){:target="_blank"}) with the Actions-framework version of the destination, you do not need the device-mode connection.

Reviewer 3: I feel like this line is confusing. 

@markzegarelli Is this boiler plate? 

I'm wondering is something along the lines of: 
"The June (Actions) destination does not offer a device-mode connection mode, so all events generated on a browser or mobile app will be sent to June's servers via Segment's servers."

Or maybe I'm missing something?

Reviewer 4: @joe-ayoub-segment I believe this comes from the idea that Actions are cloud-mode only, but I could be mistaken. This is not boiler plate.

Your proposal does clean things up.

{% capture group_identify_user_details %}

In the default configuration, June (Actions) triggers this action when it receives a Group call.

This action sets or updates the properties of specific groups. Use this when you want to update properties on a June company profile.

> {% endcapture %}

Reviewer 3: @markzegarelli , what does this block do? i.e everything in the 'capture'? What will it render on the page?

Reviewer 4: @joe-ayoub-segment Sorry for the delay here.

This block is what I mentioned before, about trying to inject content into the rendered actions section. The idea here, is that everything being captured will render where it's referenced. However, this is pretty prone to error, so I think this will be a good use case for adding content to the `docs_description` object in the code.
